(exciting music)
- [Instructor] Now it's time
for our first challenge exercise.
And that's going to be scripting a series of operations.
You can write this as a formal script,
or you can just put your commands into a file,
copy and paste those files into the terminal.
I don't want to get caught up in scripting languages
for this course.
So here's your requirements that you're going to script.
I'm going to keep this simple since after all,
this is simple storage service.
So what I want you to do is I want you to script
the creation of a bucket.
Want you create a couple files and upload those files
to that bucket.
I then want you to list the contents of that bucket
all within those scripted operations.
Give you a few minutes and we'll be back.